[kotlin] Fix #6608: Improve kotlin parser error handling (#6650)
pmd/pmd: docs/pages/pmd/devdocs/major_contributions/adding_a_new_antlr_based_language.md

    If you don't need a custom token filter, you don't need to override the method. It returns the default
    `AntlrTokenFilter` which doesn't filter anything.

### 6.  Create a PMD parser "adapter"
*   Create your own parser, that adapts the ANTLR interface to PMD's parser interface.
*   We provide a [`AntlrBaseParser`](https://github.com/pmd/pmd/blob/main/pmd-core/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/pmd/lang/ast/impl/antlr4/AntlrBaseParser.java)
    implementation that you need to extend to create your own adapter. See
    [`PmdKotlinParser`](https://github.com/stokpop/pmd/blob/main/pmd-kotlin/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/pmd/lang/kotlin/ast/PmdKotlinParser.java)
    as the reference implementation.

> *   **Error handling**: ANTLR by default swallows errors silently. You must register custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **Error handling**: ANTLR by default prints errors to stderr only and otherwise ignores them. You must register custom
```

    `BaseErrorListener`s on both the lexer and the parser to surface errors properly:

>     *   **Lexer errors** (unrecognized tokens): log a `WARN` and throw a

Reviewer: We should either LOG or throw an exception, but not both...
